Update contribution information (#83)
RE-SS3D/SS3D: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug.md

---
name: Bug
about: This is a bug being reported
title: "Bug Name"
labels: 'bug'
assignees: ''

---
<!--- Provide a general summary of the issue in the Title above -->

### Expected Behavior
<!--- Tell us what should happen -->

### Current Behavior
<!--- Tell us what happens instead of the expected behavior -->

### Possible Solution

> <!--- Not obligatory, but suggest a fix/reason for the bug, -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--- Not obligatory, but suggest a causes or fixes for the bug -->
```

### Steps to Reproduce
<!--- Provide a link to a live example, or an unambiguous set of steps to -->
<!--- reproduce this bug. Include code to reproduce, if relevant -->

1.
2.

> 3.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is needed.

Author: It's there as an example to indicate the user should be listing the steps causing their bug

> 4.

Reviewer 2: I don't feel this is needed.
